Learning plan

What is your long term goal and or career pathway?
My long term goal is to have agency and stability in my career - through web development I hope to join an industry where I will readily be able to find work and develop enough financial security that in the future whatever path I find myself wanting to take, I have something of a safety net. 

What skills (non-technical - human skills) would you like to see developed in yourself while at EDA?
Discipline, plain and simple. All human skills are valuable, but the ability to motivate and organise (primarily myself, although these skills in the context of leadership would also be fabulous) is what I am prioritising working on at this point in my life.  

A description of your own strengths and limitations
I am kind, helpful, and empathetic, I am driven to achieve on an exceptional level, I can communicate effectively, I stand up for what I think is right and good, I work with precision and attention to detail, I have strong analytical capabilities and I love to learn new things.
I am easily scared away from my goals by anxiety around completeing them - a flipside of being driven to be perceived by others in a positive light. 

Based on the above description, a commitment to how you will manage your workload in this programme. This should include - an explanation of how you will manage yourself to work productively and safely with other learners, facilitators and industry/community representatives.
The main way I will address my biggest limitation is to work in the behaviour change method of BJ Fogg; trigger-motivation-reward. I have a prescription of SSRIs for my anxiety and depression, but often the battle begins in bed before I can even take them. Getting up is something I have always struggled with, but I've recently been implementing smaller and smaller steps until I can always find the motivation to do the next one. For example, wake up to alarm is a trigger behaviour for the habitual behaviour i want to form: sit upright. And then sit upright is the trigger for stand up out of bed. and then that goes to get breakfast etc etc. I will use this method to build up all the habits I need to, essentially, make productivity and work a habit. 
The sorts of habits I will look to form would include things like: regularly posting in the slack, communicating immediately whenever my expected timeframe on work is altered, 

A commitment as to how and where you will seek help in a timely way.
I feel confident that I've already done quite well at this: posting a request for help with an issue both in the foundations channel (with my direct peers) and my facilitator as soon as it was consistently impeding my progress in a way I could not move forward from.  
So basically, the EDA slack is my friend for seeking help, advice and support. 

A description of what you expect from the facilitation team.
Probably pretty similar to what they expect from me: Turn up when agreed/promised, bring a warm attitude to building the space and community (don't be a stranger). I guess they should also be there for support when reached out to, and while obviously they can't be expected to be able to do anything instantly, they should ideally reply by the next working day to confirm that they received my call for support and have considered what they are able to do to help.

I do not have specific immovable scheduling commitments. I am very fortunate for this, and will be generous and sensitive to others who may. 